Jake Owen always great to see it's
always great to see you last we saw you
you were in the studio with us and he
played an acoustic version of tell me
for me yeah which sounded great then and
now now the single is screaming up the
charts for you thanks man it's really
cool thanks for playing it by the way
yeah it was really cool cool you know
not only be there and see you guys with
the following week we were back again
right late the NCAA yeah the final four
concerts laid with LL Cool J and the goo
goo dolls out there now yeah that was it
that was a really interesting experience
because the crowd was so eclectic and it
gave me a chance to kind of pull out
some things that I don't usually sing on
stage and I walked off stage that night
and LL Cool J walked up to me and was
the nicest person I've ever met for
someone that's that big of a star well
he's got cool in the middle of his name
yeah but might be part of it yeah exact
you should put cool in the middle of
your name Dave they will O'Brien hahaha
yeah Jake cool Owen I got to tell you
Indianapolis is famous for having these
weird and eclectic mixes of shows every
time for the final four or four like the
Indy 500 we just had a couple of weeks
ago we had Jack Nicholson Rupert from
Survivor and the Pointer Sisters it's
like three names you would never ever
put together in one thought but Jack
Nicholson yeah he came in to wave the
green flag for the indicated here singer
like I was a singer no but he came in
and waved the green flag so it was
pretty off so are you there for the race
yeah so you saw the crash at the end you
know what I gotta tell you I had gotten
out of my cell was insane that was right
in front of where I had been sitting but
I got up out of my seat and I had moved
at that point that the way the world
turns it was so hot out there nothing
was happening in front of us my wife
said you know maybe we should just go
ahead and head out before the crowd gets
big next to last lap right in front of
where we were Mike Conway into the fence
so thankfully he's fine but yeah I was
pak-rat was pretty horrific it was your
CD easy does it has been out for quite a
while you've been getting a lot of
mileage out of it you've had I mean this
is a third hit now ah yeah it's a third
single off this record I had three
singles off the last record so it's
pretty cool to you know they now
when i play my shows i have six songs
that people know that our hits on the
radio but yeah this is our last single
off the record I'm excited because it's
one of my favorites and then making a
new record now have a new producer and
I'm looking forward to next year because
i think it it'll be really really
prosperous hopefully now as you've
gotten a little bit older over the years
are your songs changing any what do you
are you working on new material that's I
think I think I'd know more about myself
you know through the years and when when
you know more about yourself I think you
can be more honest as a songwriter but
at the same time to when I'm listening
to songs I know more if it's a song I
didn't write I know what I would say and
what I wouldn't say as opposed to just
being a singer of a song you know you
know I've asked you about this story
before I know but for the benefit of
those who have not heard about the story
behind green bananas it's it's something
that I think it's really moving and that
if people haven't heard it before they
should thanks man I appreciate you
saying that and and I've got a little
buddy named named Nick who lives in
North Carolina who's for everyone out
there just keep him in your thoughts and
prayers he's been battling brain tumor
for the last six years of his life seven
years of his life and the song premise
really came from an experience I had
when I was a kid fishing with a buddy of
mine who had a boat named green bananas
and he named it after a friend of his
who had passed away at an early age of
cancer and his buddy told him in the
hospital don't ever buy green bananas
because you never know what tomorrow
will bring and feel being around you
know yeah and so but but his family and
and and Nicholas they really loved that
song because it means a lot to them and
anyone out there that understands how
fragile life can be you know right it's
a positive way of looking at life and
it's a really cool song I appreciate you
even bringing that up and right it's
cool well Jake good to see you as always
and have fun at cma music festival will
see all around i'm sure and all the
different stages where you playing real
quick before we go i'm playing all over
i'm playing the river stages i'm doing
fan club party i did a thing two nights
ago Darius Rucker and then last night
Darius and I and Luke Bryan plated show
together so we're staying busy but oh
that's got to be an after show mess if
you will with you and Luke and arrows
gosh look at I luke and I get in some
trouble together I bet Jake Owen joining
us live on country 97 one heck FM from
cma music festival